are you looking behind the
lawn and that's what we're going
now shows that Roberto and
he is responsible for all
the marking is a marking in the country is
a matter of lawn
I explained to people who will make you.
already made there the small area
I started doing a small area but
now I own large area
The mechanic's student has a timeline
whenever you start somewhere or
it's time we always start with
here in europe it is followed by the small
It's okay then the big area when
People are seeing that the boat on the line
you put one you put this rope
How did a cord come in the cell phone?
and the straight tag how do you do to make
the curves
the curves people laughs generally at people
Does anyone have a feedback that makes
make the first appointment
then afterward he just only beauty company
so come on come on accompanied
It's good to remember how it's for you to see.
after the game on television come and do
see the neymar come in and do what he
does there and is in a work that
You did it during the artists and there it is and there.
you see all this is part of when
someone praise you the lawn revealed
culture praising the lawn talking about it
there is a pride in knowing that it was
especially the marking because the
who takes care of or starts the course
Start but the appointment is with us here
has no failure here does not speak of a
question of marking, the judge can not
to miss if the ball left or not
sure that the law is at risk of
logical right you guarantee yourself
Here it is important that the tidy
glue that is who to make it right
that if you do not a irons and chica but at
Sometimes it gets stuck so it's because
She's the one who does the feedback for
scunthorpe
how often is the marking done
how much time as mayor
still with the wear of it is how many
Sometimes you make that mark there.
The year started, how's it going?
every game before every game we have
to mark and then he has a
cause of the serotype you have if you have
two matches next week
the game and there in the case of ctt who play
everyday but contains leads there
street estimate twice a week
and she wears it there and every cut that she
also give those copies daily
then every cut will go there and ii and e
iii has any one gave me a sector of
lawn where the marking spends more
midfield field also head on
field and small area
legend says that mid-field in place
of the stars so if he stays here
and besides eating the ball I want to take care of
of grass the extra trip
it's a historic moment
the first markings on Belmiro village
for the 2013 season miquelangelo is going
dodo rolled here on belmiro village
and that's not how you just met
how and who makes the marking of the village
belmiro
humberto here with me the artist who scratches
this field is it
out of play while the ball does not roll